Add Claude managed agents tracing section to Anthropic tracing docs (#5169)
langchain-ai/docs: src/snippets/trace-with-anthropic.mdx

The Anthropic wrapper methods in Python (@[`wrap_anthropic`][wrap_anthropic]) and Typescript ([`wrapAnthropic`](https://reference.langchain.com/javascript/functions/langsmith.wrappers_anthropic.wrapAnthropic.html)) allow you to wrap your Anthropic client in order to log traces automatically. Using the wrapper ensures that messages, including tool calls and multimodal content blocks will be rendered nicely in LangSmith. The wrapper works seamlessly alongside the `@traceable` decorator (Python) or `traceable` function (TypeScript), so you can trace your Anthropic calls with the wrapper and trace other parts of your application with the decorator or function.

> The wrapper also supports [Claude managed agents](https://docs.anthropic.com/en/docs/claude-code/managed-agents) (TypeScript only). See [Trace Claude managed agents](#trace-claude-managed-agents) below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The wrapper also supports [Claude managed agents](https://docs.anthropic.com/en/docs/claude-code/managed-agents) (TypeScript only). Refer to [Trace Claude managed agents](#trace-claude-managed-agents).
```

```

</CodeGroup>

## Trace Claude managed agents

> The `wrapAnthropic` wrapper also supports [Claude managed agents](https://docs.anthropic.com/en/docs/claude-code/managed-agents) (TypeScript only). Wrap the Anthropic client with `wrapAnthropic` as usual — the wrapper will automatically trace agent creation, session creation, and all events that flow through the session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `wrapAnthropic` wrapper also supports [Claude managed agents](https://docs.anthropic.com/en/docs/claude-code/managed-agents) (TypeScript only). Wrap the Anthropic client with `wrapAnthropic`. The wrapper will automatically trace agent creation, session creation, and all events that flow through the session.
```
